Create placeholders.rst (#13239)
ethereum/solidity: docs/contracts/placeholders.rst

> .. index:: ! function;placeholder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. index:: ! modifier;placeholder
```

> .. index:: ! function;placeholder

Reviewer: To be part of the docs, this file has to be included from `docs/index.rst` or some other file.

But I don't think this really needs to be a separate page. I think it should be a part of `docs/contracts/function-modifiers.rst`.

.. _placeholders:

******************

> The Placeholder Operator

Reviewer: It's not really an operator.
```suggestion
The Placeholder Statement
```

> ******************

Reviewer: In RST the frame must match the header length

```suggestion
************************
The Placeholder Operator
************************
```

> In function modifiers, it is necessary to tell Solidity when you want the function affected by the modifier to be run. The placeholder (denoted by an underscore character followed by a semicolon `_;` is used to denote where the function being modified should be run within the modifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In function modifiers, it is necessary to tell Solidity when you want the function affected by the modifier to be run.
The placeholder (denoted by an underscore character followed by a semicolon `_;` is used to denote where the
function being modified should be run within the modifier.
```

> In function modifiers, it is necessary to tell Solidity when you want the function affected by the modifier to be run. The placeholder (denoted by an underscore character followed by a semicolon `_;` is used to denote where the function being modified should be run within the modifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In function modifiers, it is necessary to specify when you want the function to which the modifier is applied to be run. The placeholder (denoted by an underscore character followed by a semicolon `_;` is used to denote where the function being modified should be run within the modifier.
```

> In function modifiers, it is necessary to tell Solidity when you want the function affected by the modifier to be run. The placeholder (denoted by an underscore character followed by a semicolon `_;` is used to denote where the function being modified should be run within the modifier.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In function modifiers, it is necessary to tell Solidity when you want the function affected by the modifier to be run. The placeholder (denoted by a single underscore character `_`) is used to denote where the body of the function being modified should be inserted.
```

> Let's take a look at how the placeholder is used within a mutex modifier:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let's take a look at how the placeholder can be used within a ``mutex`` modifier:
```

.. code-block:: solidity

	modifier mutex {  
		require(!lock);  
		lock = true;  
		_; // This is where the function being modified will be run
		lock = false;  
	}

A simple way of thinking of this modifier is as a function which wraps the original function, in which case the placeholder operator would represent where we call our original function. 

> Note that the placeholder operator is different from using underscores as leading or trailing characters in variable names, which is a stylistic choice.

Reviewer: I think it would be better off as a comment with your example. Then you could actually show a variable starting with an underscore and say that this does result in the function being executed.
